create TABLE user (

user_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
user_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
user_pass VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
user_email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL



);


create TABLE staff (

staff_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
staff_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
staff_pass VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
staff_email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
staff_reg_data DATETIME


);

create TABLE admin (

admin_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
admin_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
admin_pass VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL
admin_email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL

);

create TABLE equipment (

equipment_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
equipment_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
equipment_status VARCHAR(255)

);

create TABLE product (

product_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
product_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
product_img VARCHAR(255) NULL,
product_status VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,


);

create TABLE cart (

cart_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
product_ID,
user_ID,
product_size VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
product_quantity VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
product_


);




create TABLE to_do_list(

list_ID PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
list_name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
list_assigned VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL




);
